A conventional Fickian ADE can fall short in explaining observed
The MIM model represents solute-mass transfer between mobile and
The RLS model represents mass transfer between liquid and solid
Flux relaxation represents inertia associated with particle
Storage relaxation represents structural interaction through sorption
A two-time flux-gradient relation with tau q and tau c
Taylor series for the delayed flux and delayed concentration response
First-order relaxed constitutive approximation
A one-dimensional advection-dispersion equation with flux and storage
Zero initial concentration and zero initial concentration-rate fields
Flux-balanced inlet relation for pulse and continuous injection
Zero concentration at infinite distance
Laplace-domain equation and transformed conditions
General two-branch exponential concentration solution
One inlet coefficient and a zero growing-branch coefficient
Laplace-domain concentration in Equation 18
Time-domain breakthrough curves
Single MIM ADE in the mobile concentration
Single RLS ADE in the liquid concentration
Table 1 correspondences between relaxation times and lumped exchange
Signed normalized sensitivity curves
Absolute sensitivity ranking with the two relaxation times least
Relaxed-model and Sauty parameter estimates at two observation
Table 2 SEE and ME comparison favoring the relaxed model
Pulse classifications with ratios 1.5 and 1.67 above one
Relaxed-model and Ogata-Banks parameter estimates for both tracers
Table 3 SEE and ME values for Cs and HTO
Continuous classifications with ratios 0.2 and 0.37 below one
The temporally relaxed ADE provides a compact two-parameter